well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today is going to be uh the first
video in that series where we're
teaching you how to speak a second
language
how to speak the language of trump
and his supporters
and we're going to start off by
talking about one of the biggest jokes
the biggest comebacks the biggest
talking points
of uh of the republican party
what makes a good republican talking
point what are the two components
fear and ignorance when i say that
understand i'm saying ignorant to the
subject matter
not that the person can't learn just
that they haven't learned it yet
okay
if you are on an online forum of any
sort
and say anything that is even remotely
left
leaning it doesn't even have to be
leftist
what do you get called almost
immediately
communist
then what happens if you ask them to
define it
when they say communist do they mean an
adherent to a philosophy
that wants to achieve a stateless
classless moneyless society
of course not let me know what that
means because they're ignorant to the
subject matter
and that ignorance creates the fear
which allows them to be manipulated
okay when you ask them to define it you
don't get a coherent definition
you get imagery why because
that's where it came from the imagery
that was used to scare them
you're going to get a list of stuff and
i have done this enough to know what's
on the list
breadlines rationing empty store
shelves propaganda in the schools
this probably sounds familiar if you've
ever done that armored vehicles and
troops on the street
the police are everywhere you can get
locked up for anything don't even have
to really
have done anything wrong the press is
controlled cronyism
those party members at the top well they
get everything right
we become allied with tyrants become a
laughingstock
all of the wealth gets transferred up
that's the list when you talk to
somebody about this
this is the list you're gonna get you
probably won't get all of them
with each person but everything you're
gonna get
is gonna be on this list why is this not
just a talking point
and a comeback but why is it the biggest
joke
name one of these things that did not
occur under donald trump
one i think we all remember
the patriotic education program or
whatever it was the propaganda he was
trying to put in schools
the bread lines weren't just about bread
but i'm pretty sure we all remember the
giant line of
cars waiting to pick up their rations
right
empty store shelves armored vehicles on
the streets because we have to dominate
the streets
controlled press only listen to the news
outlets that the premier
sorry president says are okay everything
else is fake news
it is western propaganda
show me the person and i'll show you the
crime right
get locked up for anything didn't have
to do anything wrong lock her
up lock her up when you ask them
for a specific charge they can't give
you one
so they'll just blanketly say treason
and if you've watched this channel long
enough you know treason is a very
specific charge
and it doesn't fit we become a
laughingstock
allied with tyrants there are photos
of our allies laughing at trump
there are photos of him saluting
people that are generally referred to
and seen as our opposition
and the transfer of wealth up to the
party members
during this public health issue
did the billionaires hurt or did they
actually make more
money billions more
those in the party did all right they
even got special authorization
to get medical treatment that those of
us down here at the bottom can't get
as we wait for our 600 ration
everything they fear about communism
occurred under donald trump because
they're not actually afraid of communism
they don't know what it is what this is
is a list of stuff that
tends to occur under authoritarianism
now if you do this and you ask somebody
this and you start getting the list
if it's in person write it down type it
in your phone whatever
and when they're done ask them how much
of it hasn't
already occurred don't say under trump
you can't question dear leader yet
and realistically the truth isn't told
it's realized you can give them the
pieces but they have to come to that
final realization on their own
this will help them do it if you can
show them
that because they were manipulated by
word that they really can't define
into supporting the very things
they think that word represents
that might be enough to overcome the
cognitive dissonance that they have
they hold conflicting views double think
they know what their principles are but
the party
tells them to think otherwise so they do
this is an easy one we will
go through a whole bunch of them before
this is over i'm not going to do an
everyday thing with it
but we're going to go through a lot of
this but just remember
when you're doing it you can't make it
about trump
don't even really use the word
republican
unless they make it partisan if they say
well yeah all this stuff happened but it
was the democrats fault
then you kind of have to
point out who actually had power
but other than that just leave it at
government
because the goal is not to turn them
into progressives
but to make them anti-authoritarian so
they reject
the next republican candidate
that uses that style of leadership
that poses a threat to the united states
to the constitution to all of these
things
that they say they support
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good night